I wish I knew what
happened that night.
When I spotted Yuya in the park,
he was in terrible shape.
(gasping)
Yuya!
I kept asking if he was okay,
but he wouldn't answer.
And now it's been two days and
he still hasn't said anything,
and there's no sign
he's getting better.
If only there was something
I could do to help him.
But I don't
even know what's wrong!
(sobbing)
Why did this happen to him!
What if he never wakes up again?
(Yoko)
Try to stay calm, Zuzu.
Yuya's stronger than you think.
Imagine what it must have
been like for him
when his father disappeared.
For a long time Yuya
retreated into himself.
But inside Yuya, there was
a fierce competitor
waiting for the chance
to come out.
Remember how it awakened when
he battled the Sledgehammer?
The same thing
will happen again soon.
Yuya! My sweetie pie!
What horrible fate
has befallen you!?
Who is that girl!?
(Zuzu)
Her name is Aura.
I will save you!
Yuya!
I won't let you leave me! No!
I'll cure you of this
mysterious malady!
I shall unleash my
magical powers
to bring you back from
the brink of oblivion!
Oh, great, all our
problems are solved.
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Aura)
My magical makeover
of your room
will help repel any malevolent
spirits.
I'm also placing these enchanted
Regeneration Crystals around you
to draw positive
energy to your body.
In no time at all,
I'll have you back on your feet
and at my side.
(humming)
Aura, no.
What do you think
you're doing?
Trying to save my sweetheart,
of course.
But that will
never be possible
as long as he's wearing those
sinister jammies.
Don't you realize gray
is the most negative color
in the universe?
His current clothing will ward
off any healing spells I cast.
Change him into green or white
PJs now!
Green or white?
But why?
(Aura)
Everyone knows green is the
color of life and growth,
while white radiates healing
purity.
If Yuya isn't decked out in
green and white on the double,
you'll have me seeing red.
Now bust a move!
(laughing)
Ah, that's much better.
(Yoko)
Pardon my curiosity, Aura,
but how did you learn
that Yuya was unconscious?
(Zuzu)
Did you use your
psychic powers?
Of course.
Plus, I might have
overheard something.
I was at the arena
and some of the kids
from your school were there,
too, talking about Yuya.
When I found out about
his condition,
I decided to drop what I was
doing and rush right over here.
Thank goodness,
I came when I did.
You two mean well,
but your TLC is MIA.
(gasping)
Wait a minute.
Aura, shouldn't you be...
having a duel just about now?
In the Junior Arc League
Championship?
Eh, who cares?
The fate of my beloved is much
more important
than who wins some trivial
championship.
(both)
You're wrong, Aura!
Huh?
(Zuzu)
Yuya is devoted to dueling.
If he senses that you forfeited
a duel to come here,
it could make him even worse.
The best care in the world
won't be enough to wake him.
What Yuya needs most
is for you to win.
Your magic may be powerful,
but it's no match for the
healing power of...
(both)
One victory!
You wanna save Yuya?
Then go and win that duel.
And if I do,
he'll get better?
That's right.
But you have to hurry
or you'll miss it.
I will go.
And overwhelm my foe,
like a tsunami!
(sighing)
(Nico Smiley)
We apologize for the delay in
today's first duel.
As you know, Moon Shadow from
the Fuuma Clan Duel School
is scheduled to take on Aura
Sentia from Fortune Prep,
but so far she's no‐show.
Could this be the first
forfeiture of our tournament?
If Aura doesn't appear soon,
Moon Shadow will score a win
by default.
He won't get off the hook
that easily.
Up here!
Hello! It's our missing missy.
Aura made it in
the nick of time.
And it looks like she's packing
some serious baditude.
Two minutes.
That's how long it will be
before you're begging me to
accept your surrender.
But I won't back down till
you've been eliminated.
Only one outcome will satisfy me
today: complete victory.
(Nico Smiley)
Aura hasn't drawn her first card
and she's already taking
the offensive.
My win will then instantly
revive Yuya.
Thank you Aura, my fairest.
Huh?
Yuya.
Zuzu? Mom?
I was out cold for
two whole days?
Yes, we couldn't wake you.
You must have been
exhausted, son.
After all, you were
dueling non‐stop
for weeks
with hardly any rest
and it must have been
too much for your
mind and body.
You needed sleep.
Yeah, but I missed part of
the tournament.
What's going on?
Well, the first round of the
Junior Division is almost done.
Aura's dueling now.
I think they just got started,
so we can check it out.
Huh?
Why aren't they showing
her duel?
It's over?
(Zuzu)
I can't believe it.
It ended on the first turn.
Aura has been eliminated.
No!
This championship
is intense.
I knew we'd face great duelists,
but these guys are exceptional.
Whoever wins it all will really
be the best of the best.
Even some of the younger
duelists are incredible.
Yesterday, Frederick had his
deck handed to him
by that strange kid
from Leo, Riley.
Isn't Riley the one
who defeated Allie?
Yeah.
Riley Fusion Summoned
to take her down.
But this time,
this time was different.
I Synchro Summon.
Aah!
I feel like
a deflated zeppelin.
Riley Synchro Summoned?
Yeah, amazing right?
Riley is still in
the Youth Division
but can Fusion
and Synchro Summon.
Add in an Xyz Summon,
and that kid'll be like
a pint‐sized version
of Declan Akaba.
Fusion... Synchro... and Xyz.
You sound worried.
Well, before,
when I was dueling Yuto,
he told me something strange.
That our world has been divided
into four different dimensions.
Different dimensions?
(Yuya)
According to Yuto, there's a
Fusion dimension,
a Synchro dimension,
and an Xyz dimension.
They exist parallel to the
Standard dimension we live in.
Sora's from the Fusion
dimension,
while Yuto and Shay come from
the Xyz dimension.
Yuto said their two dimensions
are enemies.
Sora was dueling Yuto,
but then he vanished.
Vanished?
Yeah, Yuto believes Sora
was transported
back to the Fusion
dimension.
You mean Sora isn't
in our world anymore?
Exactly.
And after he disappeared,
Yugo showed up.
Huh? Who is Yugo?
He's another interdimensional
guy, and he looks like me, too.
Yugo rode in on this machine
kind of like a motorcycle.
Let's duel!
(Yuya)
From what I could tell,
he's a duelist who comes from
the Synchro dimension.
I don't get it.
All this dimensional stuff
sounds so complicated.
I thought Yuto was fighting
to rescue Lulu from
a Fusion Summoner.
Maybe that was Yugo.
Huh?
Yuto called him
a fusion follower
even though he's from the
Synchro dimension.
It seemed like the two of them
had dueled before.
They couldn't stand
each other.
You're the ones
who stole from me!
Enough!
We can talk about
who stole what after the duel.
That is if you still can talk.
I Synchro Summon.
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
Isn't that...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
But what are you doing with one
of Yuto's cards?
He gave it to me,
right after he
saved my life.
(Yugo)
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
Yuto, wake up, it's over.
This is yours,
take it, Yuya.
Always remember,
use your power
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
I will... for you.
I'm not sure what happened
to him after that.
Next thing I knew,
I woke up here.
It's strange.
When Yuto handed
this card to me,
he said that I should
use my dueling
to keep the world happy
and entertained.
I wonder if this card's gonna
help me do that.
It seems so unreal.
First I met Yuto,
and then Yugo turned up, too.
We're from
different dimensions,
but we all look
exactly the same.
It feels like...
like some kind
of cosmic joke.
I thought I was
one of a kind,
but I'm not.
You're not the only one.
There's also someone
who looks just like me.
Huh?
Listen, you guys, you have to
transport me
back to the Standard dimension
right away.
Don't you realize there are
fugitives hiding there
who escaped from the
Xyz dimension.
I know where they are, and I can
go back and capture them
if you just give me another
chance.
I can take all of them on, and
I'll defeat them, I know it.
Please, let me finish
what I started!
Hold up!
So you're saying that you
have a double as well?
Mm‐hmm.
When Yuto first saw me,
he thought I was her.
And when Shay saw me, he called
me by the name Lulu.
I wonder what
all this means.
Let's go find Shay.
I bet he knows more.
Huh?
With Yuto and Sora
out of the picture,
Shay is the only hope
we have right now
of discovering the answers
we're looking for.
Mm‐hmm.
Mom, I gotta dash out
for awhile.
You're leaving without
having breakfast?
Mm‐hmm. I'll eat lunch twice
to make up for it.
Wait, where are you going?
(Yuya)
To the Championship.
That boy of mine is growing up
to become more and more
like someone else I know.
But I guess that's inevitable,
isn't it, Yusho?
Next, I'll take my Constellar
Algiedi and my Kaus,
and I'll overlay them.
The light of distant stars
shatters the dark of night.
I Xyz Summon
Constellar Pleiades!
But I'm not finished,
because I'm also overlaying
Pollux and Siat.
I Xyz Summon.
Arise and unleash your celestial
fury, Constellar Ptolemy M7!
(crowd cheering)
Yeah, Dipper's doin' dynamite.
What else would you expect
from a Leo duelist?
(Tate)
Pick up the pace, you guys.
Huh? Zuzu?
(Tate)
Hey, Allie, we have to get
moving, come on!
Ja, mach schnell!
But, guys, I just saw
Zuzu over there.
Huh? Well, she was
right there.
Where'd she go?
Zuzu can't be here.
She called to say she's at
the arena with Yuya.
Get your glockenspiel in gear
or you'll be left behind.
Wait for me!
Yuya! Buddy!
Gong's as euphoric right now
as a pack o' grizzlies
in a honey factory.
You had us all
scared silly we'd never
see you awake again.
I just needed
to catch some Z's.
You were passed out
so long,
you must've caught
the whole alphabet.
I'm just glad you
rolled out of bed
before the second round
gets underway.
(Allie)
Hey, Yuya, over here!
Glad to see you're okay.
You Show has its
duelmeister back.
Once we find Sora,
we'll be all together.
He'll probably be turning up
any minute now.
(Gong)
Maybe so,
but we shouldn't start
celebratin' till he's back.
We searched high and low,
but so far we haven't found
any sign of Sora.
He's bound to turn up
sooner or later.
(Aura)
Yuya, my sweet.
(all)
Hmm?
My Duelmate has awakened.
Duelmate?
I just knew my magic would
revive you.
Now I only have to complete your
cure with a kiss.
Uhh!
Yuya Sakaki.
Did you happen to catch
my last duel?
I bet you were impressed
by the way I summoned
two Xyz Monsters in a row,
weren't you?
Of course,
if we face off, I'll‐‐
Zip it, Dipper.
I wanna talk to Shay.
Oh, yeah? About what?
(Zuzu)
It's for his ears only,
Julia.
(Julia)
Zuzu...
Tell him this is important.
It concerns the both of us.
(Kit)
Forget it.
Huh?
Don't waste your time,
'cause Shay will never
agree to meet with you.
He barely speaks to us
and we're supposed
to be teammates.
(Shay)
I demand to see Declan
immediately.
Step aside, this is urgent.
I'm afraid the President's
schedule is completely
full today.
He'll make time for me when
he learns why I've come.
I haven't been able to make
contact with Yuto.
Is that so?
I'll let the President know.
Perhaps we can schedule
a meeting next week
for you to discuss
the matter with him.
Well, I got a duel to win.
You losers should check it out.
I'm up against Iggy Arlo.
Pay close attention,
you may learn something.
(Nico Smiley)
The first round of our Junior
Division competition
is rushing to a breathtaking
conclusion.
So far, 31 duelists have made
the cut for round two.
Kit Blade of the Leo Institute
will now battle for the final
spot against
the Banded Warrior Academy's
star student, Iggy Arlo.
Which of these two fierce
warriors
will seize the day and continue
the hunt for glory?
I don't have the answer,
but I can tell you this will be
one bruiser of a battle.
Let's duel!
(shouting)
(gasping)
Wait, what's going on?!
(Iggy)
How do you like this monster?
And here's one of
my favorite traps.
Low blow!
(Iggy)
Try these attacks on for size.
Looks like you're out of life
points, but I better make sure.
Uhh!
That was no duel.
It was more like
a free‐for‐all.
You guys, this is a duel.
It isn't a war.
Always remember,
use your power
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
Uuhhhh!
Yuya?
(Nico Smiley)
And with that, we lower the
curtain on the first round
of the Junior Arc League
Championship.
Those advancing to round two
may now access the official
tournament datastream to learn
their next matchups.
Looks like Gong's got
the first duel tomorrow.
Gong's facing Trick Taggart
from the Abracadabra Academy.
And I'm battling that
pop star Micky Starlet
from the Dueling Dynamo
Duel School.
Who will you duel, Yuya?
(Tate)
Iggy Arlo?!
Oh, no.
For real?
Mm‐hmm.
Yuto told me to use my dueling
to make people happy.
I don't see how that's
gonna help me defeat
someone like Iggy.
But if anyone can pull it off,
it's me.
After all, I am the son of the
world's greatest dueltainer.
(Yuya, thinking)
Iggy, our styles of dueling
are totally different.
Your way causes pain and shame,
but I duel to make fans smile.
Before our match is thru,
I'll prove that no matter
how rough you play,
there's no way your gonna take
the spotlight away from me.
♪